(CNN)Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal. And they are struggling in the aftermath. Anuradha Koirala, who rescues victims of sex trafficking, has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls. While her primary facility seems structurally unharmed, all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks, followed by a second earthquake on May 12. The once-vibrant campus has gone from a place of safety and healing to one of uncertainty and worry. "We are suffering with rain, strong wind. The fear is not gone from us. It is very, very hard," said Koirala, the founder of the nonprofit Maiti Nepal and the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year. The public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera. Koirala's group is relying on bottled water and is now rationing food. Still, she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster. "These girls are most vulnerable, because now people will target them," Koirala said. "They could be victims of any forms of sexual abuse. Maybe rape, maybe they will be trafficked, anything. ... If I get more support I will take as many as I can." About five miles away, the wall of Koirala's HIV/AIDS hospice has crumbled. Home to 115 girls, many of whom are terminally ill, the facility is under guard. "They're not injured, but they are terrified," Koirala said. "Everything is broken in the hospice." Koirala's group also has about a dozen other homes throughout the district, and all of them have been damaged. "It's really very sad for me and for my children," Koirala said. "This disaster, the noise and the way it shook, I cannot get over it. I was not afraid that I was going to be killed. I was afraid about what is going to happen next." Another CNN Hero, Pushpa Basnet, and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence. They are now living on the ground in a nearby field. "Physically, we are not hurt. But mentally, we are," said Basnet, whose Early Childhood Development Center provides a home and education to children whose parents are incarcerated. Basnet says the building's walls are all cracked, and the staff is afraid it might fall down. She and the older children created a shelter using the frame of a greenhouse, taping plastic around the sides to protect themselves. "It's really cold in the middle of the night; there are lots of fox in the field," Basnet said. "We are really scared." They also don't have much water or food, Basnet says. But she is trying to stay positive. "I think for the time being, whatever we have, we should be happy, you know?  Because at least we have our life," she said. "(My kids) all are safe. That's the most important thing for me." Basnet's "Butterfly Home" -- the permanent residence she was building for the children -- also suffered extensive damage in the quake. Basnet had hoped to complete construction in the next six months, with the opening ceremony set for October. Basnet purchased the land for the home with prize money she received as the 2012 Hero of the Year. "When the earthquake hit that land, all my dreams were scattered," she said. "I have to restart again." Still, Basnet is quick to point out that so many other survivors have nothing and are desperately in need of aid. To that end, several CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal. Jake Wood's disaster relief organization, Team Rubicon, has a team of experienced veterans and first responders on the ground in Kathmandu.  The group deployed a medical and assessment team to aid the Nepalese people in several remote villages outside of the city. Six canine-firefighter search teams from the United States also assisted in rescue and recovery efforts. The teams were trained by Wilma Melville's National Disaster Search Dog Foundation and were deployed as part of a larger rescue force that includes structural engineers, hazmat experts and doctors. Tom Henderson's ShelterBox, which provides emergency shelter and lifesaving supplies, has so far committed to help more than 15,000 families. Dr. Laura Stachel's group, We Care Solar, sent solar suitcases to health care workers, providing them with light and power as they aid survivors. Arlene Samen's group, One Heart World-Wide, has set up tented birthing centers where pregnant women can safely deliver their babies, especially in hard-hit districts. Robin Lim, a disaster response midwife who founded Bumi Sehat, joined Samen in Kathmandu to help the mothers. Doc Hendley's nonprofit, Wine to Water, partnered with Appalachian State University in order to distribute 1,000 water filters where they are most needed in Nepal. The group says one filter can provide water for up to 10 people and last for up to 10 years if maintained properly.
They may look like as if they come from a plague epidemic, but these photos show the shocking amounts of bacteria that grow on money. Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets. The experiment, which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly, highlights how dirty handling money can be. Thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets. This the bacteria found on one five pound note . The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey. It was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days. The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money. While most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless, money has been known to carry dangerous diseases. The most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides, which is harmless. Dr Simon Park, a senior lecturer in molecular biology at the university, said: ‘The most common types found are skin bacteria but money has also been shown to harbour MRSA and food poisoning bacteria in other related studies.’ The experiment, which involved treating the coins in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly, highlights how dirty handling money can be. Among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is Bacillus mycoides (shown above). It's common in soil, so it's likely someone was gardening before handling cash . Currency collected from students were submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days. This image shows bacteria found on a ten pound note . Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money. Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless. The most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides, which is harmless . One ten pound note yielded Bacillus mycoides, which is common in soil, suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash. But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies. The scientists found cases of staphylococcus aureus, which can cause boils and spots on the skin. It is particularly dangerous to people whose immune systems may not be in peak condition, such as people in hospitals. The scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus, which can cause boils and spots on the skin. It is particularly dangerous to people whose immune systems may not be in peak condition, such as people in hospitals. Around 20 per cent of people carry the bacteria in their nostrils, which means they likely touched their nose before handling money. Dr Park added: ‘We found that money, be it coins or notes, harbours very large numbers of bacteria. ‘It is something that we all share so it passes through many many different hands, washed and unwashed. 'It also gets kept in warm and moist pockets, which offer perfect conditions for bacterial growth and survival. ‘Consequently, the populations of bacteria on currency are much larger and more diverse, and money is likely to carry disease causing bacteria.’ While most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless, money has been known to carry dangerous diseases.  This is the bacteria found on a five pound note, including one large bloom . Dr Simon Park, a senior lecturer in molecular biology at the university, said: ‘The most common types [of bacteria] found are skin bacteria but money has also been shown to harbour MRSA and food poisoning bacteria in other related studies. A stock image is shown . After the experiment, the cash was washed and returned to the students. Dr Park said: ‘We wanted our undergraduates to get familiar with the fact we live in a bacteria world and bacteria is all around us, it’s on anything we interact with.’ The scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus, which can cause boils and spots on the skin, but this image shows bacteria from a five pound note, including some bright orange spores . Dr Park said: ‘We wanted our undergraduates to get familiar with the fact we live in a bacteria world and bacteria is all around us, it’s on anything we interact with.’ This image shows a large spreading bacterial colony created from the grime on nine silver and copper coins .
With the confirmation of Danilo's summer switch to Real Madrid, Porto have now received a whopping £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits. Aided by lenient work permit laws in Portugal owing to the country's close relationship with Brazil the majority of these deals have involved South Americans. Porto and Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer in a deal worth £23million . Jose Mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 Champions League with the Portuguese club . Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now-Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez. In a deal typical of how Porto operate, Rodriguez was signed for a small sum from Argentinian side Banfield before being sold on to wealthy Europeans Monaco three years later for nearly eight times the price. It is a sustainable model which clearly works. Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez is another player off the Porto production line . James scores against Manchester City playing for Porto at the Etihad Stadium in 2012 . Porto have reached the last eight of this year's Champions League and have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004. They have progressed past the Champions League group stages in seven of the past 10 seasons and also won the Europa League in 2011. Brazil international right back Danilo may be on his way but there are sure to be more to come off a production line that includes Pepe, Joao Moutinho and Hulk. Colombian international striker Jackson Martinez is another who could move on in the summer with Arsenal among those keeping tabs. *Based on exchange rates as of April 2, 2015 . **Porto received 55.6 per cent of transfer fee . ***Porto received 80 per cent of transfer fee .
